v0.9 changelog (#528)
boa-dev/boa: CHANGELOG.md

  Implement break handling in switch statements (@Lan2u)
- [FEATURE #301](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/issues/301):
  Implementing the switch statement in the new parser (@Lan2u)
- [FEATURE #120](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/issues/120):
  Implement `globalThis` (@zanayr)
- [FEATURE #513](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/issues/513):
  Implement `Object.is()` method (@tylermorten)
- [FEATURE #481](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/issues/481):
  Implement global `undefined` property (@croraf)

Bug Fixes:

- [BUG #412](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/pull/412):
  Fixed parsing if statement without else block preceded by a newline (@HalidOdat)
- [BUG #409](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/pull/409):
  Fix function object constructable/callable (@HalidOdat)
- [BUG #403](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/issues/403)
  `Value::to_json()` does not handle `undefined` correctly (@n14little)
- [BUG #443](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/issues/443):
  HasOwnProperty should call GetOwnProperty and not GetProperty (@n14little)
- [BUG #210](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/issues/210):
  builtinfun.length undefined (@Croraf)
- [BUG #466](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/issues/466):

>   Change `ToPrimitive()` (`to_primitive()`) hint to be an enum, instead of string (@HalidOdat)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Change `ToPrimitive()` (`to_primitive()`) hint to be an enum, instead of string (@Colin-Suckow)
```
I was not the one who created the PR, I just gave some advice, I don't think I should get all the credit :)
